hey do you have what it takes to be a
bright side detective there's only one
way to find out you get one point for
each riddle you saw get your pads out
and let's get cracking Sherlock number
one who knows something Anna had the flu
and stayed in bed for three days
one afternoon her mother came to visit
her she walked into her room but Anna
was gone she immediately called the
police and the detectives had three main
suspects Chris Jenna and Mark they were
Anna's roommates and said they left the
house and had been out all night when
the detectives checked their cars they
immediately knew who was lying can you
figure it out you have seven seconds it
was Chris his car was parked too close
to a wall and Anna's car was parked
right next to it since Anna didn't leave
the house for three days
it means neither did he number two the
bank incident on Saturday morning the
bank received a call that someone took
all the jewelry out of the bank's vault
officer Diaz was on the case and as soon
as she walked into the bank she asked to
see the security cameras coincidentally
they didn't work and she knew this was
an inside job she turned to the security
guard the cashier and the analyst and
asked them to open their office drawers
Tom the security guard had keys to the
vault to let visitors in mark the
cashier had a pair of gloves to handle
money Tim the analyst had the master key
in his drawer that opened the vault
because he needed some documents there
immediately the officer knew who did it
can you figure it out
[Music]
it was the analyst the vault was filled
with jewelry not documents three who
took the prints it was a rainy Sunday
morning and Jane who was the princes
housekeeper walked into his room to
clean it there she realized that the
prince was gone but there was evidence
in the room that something had happened
broken vases spilled drinks and duct
tape on the floor Jane called the police
right away and they began questioning
everyone in the house the butler said he
was cleaning his car to take the Prince
shopping Jane said that as soon as she
walked into the room she called the
police the gardener said that he didn't
even go inside and was watering the
plants in the garden can you help the
police figure it out it was the gardener
it was raining
there was no need to water the plants
for the talking pit Ethan had an
argument with his brother and decided to
go back home he didn't have a car and
took a shortcut through the park while
walking he fell into a pit
Ethan screamed for help but nobody could
hear him suddenly a portal opened and
threw a slice of pizza in his hands a
weird voice whispered every time you say
pizza a pizza will fall out of the
portal
two minutes later Ethan was out of the
pit how did he do it
he said pizza so many times that the pit
got filled with them and he climbed out
number 5 the space disappearance an
astronaut was about to go on a spacewalk
he needed the okay from the Space Center
on earth but the communications were
down since 4 a.m. that morning while
waiting for someone to fix the problem
he vanished
someone on the space station knew what
happened but who Harry said that he was
in his room sleeping Nick said that he
was reading a book on his bed Jenna said
she was talking to the Space Center down
on earth who is lying you have 7 seconds
to figure it out it's Jenna their
communications were down since that
morning and Nick couldn't get the OK to
leave 6 who is not poor Jack a hired
private investigator is looking for
someone who is pretending to be poor to
get free stuff at the local coffee shop
but everyone there has similar
accessories and it's hard to figure it
out can you help
it's the lady in the gray suit
she holds car keys in her hands seven
artificial intelligence Allen made a
smart home system that can be controlled
from his phone one night someone got
into his phone and tampered with the
system Allen was woken up by the TV
telling him to get out of the house
there were three doors that would lead
him to the garage but the system
controlled all of them behind the first
door the temperature dropped to below
zero behind the second door
the temperature rose so high that
everything started to melt behind the
third door two large robots were trying
to get any human being that walked past
them which way should Allen go through
you have 7 seconds to help him he should
walk through the first door the human
body can handle freezing temperatures
for a few minutes number 8 the soda
drink Marc was walking to work when he
got taken into a crazy chemists basement
the scientist told him he had two
bottles of soda for him one is the real
thing and the other one is poison which
one should mark pick to stay alive
the second bottle that cap on the first
bottle seems to be unscrewed someone
opened it nine the crazy avocado
incident on Sunday mark a hotel owner
called the police and said that the chef
of his hotel tried to poison him the
night before he gave him a fresh avocado
to eat and as soon as he took the first
bite he passed out the police ran to
investigate the scene and the chef
denied everything
they found the avocado on the floor and
they knew that the owner was lying how
did they know the avocado was fresh if
he bit it last night
it would have been brown by now number
10 the missing sculptures after a huge
exhibition the owner walked in his
gallery only to see the most expensive
sculptures had been taken they were all
very heavy and witnesses saw a red van
leaving the scene the police patrolled
the area and saw three red vans heading
in different directions which one should
they follow up you have 7 seconds to
decide
the second one since the sculptures are
very heavy
the tires are deflating 11 which dish
should not be the Miller family hired a
new chef in his first dinner preparation
someone paid him to poison the father's
food there are four family members and
the chef prepared similar dishes but
with a special tweak for each of them
according to their tastes Alice the
daughter doesn't eat meat John the
Father loves junk food mark the brother
likes to eat sweet things during dinner
Jane the mother loves vegetables which
dish should John avoid to save his life
you've got 7 seconds it's the one with
french fries as a side dish the fish is
for Alice there's a piece of cake next
to Mark's plate and Janes plate has the
most veggies 12 the coffee shop incident
Jake is a coffee shop owner on his way
to the bank to make a deposit a lady
stopped him and took his money when the
police showed up he told them the woman
who took his briefcase scratched him
with the ring she was wearing Jake said
he didn't see her face she was wearing a
mask gloves and a red suit the police
didn't believe him and took Jake to the
station for further interrogation why
how did the suspect scratch him with a
ring when she was wearing gloves 13 the
powerful strawberries Jack was locked in
a dark concrete room on the table there
were three strawberries all giving him
different superpowers but he could only
pick one the first one made him
invisible the second one prevented him
from feeling pain and gave him immediate
healing powers
the third one made him super fast which
one should he choose you have 7 seconds
to find out with the second one he can
punch the wall until it breaks now let's
see your results if you collected 1 to 4
points you're a detective in training
you have a good potential but you still
need to work on your reasoning for the
five to eight point takers Congrats your
junior detectives you have a nice hunch
but it doesn't work all the time and if
you got 8 to 12 points then you're the
best YouTube detective out there and I'm
assigning you to more difficult cases in
the future
[Music]